 
 Kenneth R. French - Variable Definitions 
 178 captures 
 17 Apr 2002 - 17 May 2026 
 May 
 JUN 
 Jul 
 05 
 2018 
 2019 
 2020 
 success 
 fail 
 About this capture 
 COLLECTED BY 
 Organization: Alexa Crawls 
 Starting in 1996, Alexa Internet has been donating their crawl data to the Internet Archive. Flowing in every day, these data are added to the Wayback Machine after an embargo period.
 Collection: Alexa Crawls 
 Starting in 1996, Alexa Internet has been donating their crawl data to the Internet Archive. Flowing in every day, these data are added to the Wayback Machine after an embargo period.
 TIMESTAMPS 
 The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20190605144938/http://mba.tuck.dartmouth.edu:80/pages/faculty/ken.french/Data_Library/variable_definitions.html 
 Variable 
 Definitions 
 ME 
 Market Equity. Market equity (size) is price times 
 shares outstanding. Price is from CRSP, shares outstanding are from 
 Compustat (if available) or CRSP. 
 BE 
 Book Equity. Book equity is constructed 
 from Compustat data or collected from the Moody's Industrial, Financial, 
 and Utilities manuals. BE is the book value of stockholders' equity, 
 plus balance sheet deferred taxes and investment tax credit (if 
 available), minus the book value of preferred stock. Depending on 
 availability, we use the redemption, liquidation, or par value (in 
 that order) to estimate the book value of preferred stock. Stockholders' 
 equity is the value reported by Moody's or Compustat, if it is available. 
 If not, we measure stockholders' equity as the book value of common 
 equity plus the par value of preferred stock, or the book value 
 of assets minus total liabilities (in that order). See Davis, Fama, 
 and French, 2000, "Characteristics, Covariances, and Average Returns: 
 1929-1997," Journal of Finance, for more details. 
 BE/ME 
 Book-to-Market. The book-to-market 
 ratio used to form portfolios in June of year t is book equity for 
 the fiscal year ending in calendar year t-1, divided by market equity 
 at the end of December of t-1. 
 OP 
 Operating Profitability. The operating profitability ratio used to 
 form portfolios in June of year t is annual revenues minus cost of goods sold, interest expense, 
 and selling, general, and administrative expense divided by the sum of book equity and minority 
 interest for the last fiscal year ending in t-1. 
 INV 
 Investment. The investment ratio used to form portfolios
 in June of year t is the change in total assets from the fiscal year ending in year t-2 to 
 the fiscal year ending in t-1, divided by t-2 total assets. 
 E/P 
 Earnings/Price. Earnings is total earnings 
 before extraordinary items, from Compustat. The earnings/price ratio 
 used to form portfolios in June of year t is earnings for the fiscal 
 year ending in calendar year t-1, divided by market equity at the 
 end of December of t-1. 
 CF/P 
 Cashflow/Price. Cashflow is total earnings 
 before extraordinary items, plus equity's share of depreciation, 
 plus deferred taxes (if available), from Compustat. Equity's share 
 is defined as market equity divided by assets minus book equity 
 plus market equity. The cashflow/price ratio used to form portfolios 
 in June of year t is the cashflow for the fiscal year ending in 
 calendar year t-1, divided by market equity at the end of December 
 of t-1. 
 D/P 
 Dividend Yield. The dividend yield 
 used to form portfolios in June of year t is the total dividends 
 paid from July of t-1 to June of t per dollar of equity in June 
 of t. The dividend yield is computed using the with and without 
 dividend returns from CRSP, as described in Fama and French, 1988, 
 "Dividend yields and expected stock returns," Journal of Financial 
 Economics 25. 
 Copyright 
 Kenneth R. French
 