All right, >> the AGI bot is completed. I show you all of the code. I explain the bot. And actually, there's two bots. I show you two full codes in this video. So, today I'm going to build an AGI trading bot. I'll explain everything here, but I'm seeing on Robin Hood chain this pattern of things taking absolutely off and then coming all the way back down. And I'm going to be using Claude code here in order to build this bot out. I'll show you everything step by step. You can see here that I've been working on this Robin Hood bot. And up here I've got the scanner so I can scan through some of these. I want to see if the pattern plays out though. The pattern is essentially a huge runup like this. A huge runup. >> Token sold. >> See if we can get these guys off of it. >> Token sold. Token sold. >> A huge runup. Pullback and run back. I saw this yesterday and this is how I came up with the idea. This >> random token here, >> did exactly that. It went 50x came all the way back and then ran back up. So, I am going to be using cloud code here to build this um AGI for trade in here. There is a token called AGI. So, I'm about to buy some of that and um essentially go ahead and build the bot for that. So, I'm going to wait for it to pull back. And it has. So, it's just another pattern of this. And the way that I think I'm about to do this is essentially I'll look for tokens and the the tokens that I like, I'm going to put into this bot the contract address, and then it's just going to wait for one of those pullbacks and dips, like a dip and rip. I don't know if this is a thing. We'll see, but um let's go ahead and start building it up. So, there's this premise here of these Robin Hood chain tokens. They take absolutely off and they go like 25 actually, but then they pull back maybe 80 90%. Only to take off again. And that I've seen multiple times from Robin Hood chain tokens. So, what I want you to do is I want you to go ahead and build a bot based off. So, we're looking for a runup, a token with a nice run up, 10x, 5x, 20x, and then a pullback of 90%. So, what I'm going to do here is I'm actually going to go ahead and be able to drop in the tokens that you can do this for. So, let's go ahead and do it that way. So essentially, you're going to go ahead and use our sniper that we have, all of the tooling there in order to build this bot that sits patiently and waits for that pullback, the 80 90% pullback before it takes off again. Now, this is going to be good because opposed to like hand traded, you know, I find something great, you buy the top and then you whatever try to you just try to like buy at the perfect time. opposed to that. It's really about, okay, investigating, finding the ones that are winners. Now, this sniper bot that we have running is doing a good job of that. It's pushing some of the winners to the top of the chart. So, I'm finding things that are interesting. I'm finding the daily trenders, but essentially, this bot will help you be patient on those daily trenders. All right, let's go ahead and see if she can cook this up here. AGI. AGI. This is where I'm going to build it for. This is my first one I'm going to build for. I just saw this runup yesterday and this looks phenomenal. So, I bought a small bag and you can see AGI, you know, that's probably the biggest theme in the world right now, AI. So, it's a it's a joke because essentially somebody was using Claude code and they saw Claude looking at like adult content, let's say. So, they named it artificial Gooner intelligence. I'm like, okay, that seems cool. It did run up to 3 million and now it's having this pullback. So, I was inspired off this one, the one I was just showing you yesterday. We were here together. Got inspired off this because it did that move. It ran all the way up, pulled all the way back, and then 500%. So, that's where the idea came from. Um, there are a lot of charts that look like this, but AGI is just too fitting. It's too fitting to what I do. And, yeah, it's kind of funny as well. So, I'm going to go ahead and copy this over and use that as the atti. Just make sure everything is good in my wallet here. Uh USD. I'm just going to buy a little bit. Anything I do buy, I always sell. So, just just u remember that. It's not financial advice. The meme coin probably going to zero. Okay. So, now I have in my wallet and perfect. So, I'm going to update the instructions in here as well to make sure to block it here. So, let's go there and do that now. So let's go into copy open cursor here. Ra Robin Hood sniper copy path. So there's this token address I would like you to just block from this from the P&L close or anything like that. Okay. I just I don't want to even examine. It's just a side bot that I'm running. Thank you. And I think this this bot will fail more than it works. But it's an interesting idea that I want to build because there are a lot of new projects that are dropping and I'm interested in some of them. I just I'm not interested in like playing the PvP game right here. Like, okay, you guys prove that there's some demand for this. There's some demand for AGI, of course. I mean, AI is literally the biggest thing in our world right now. So, it went, you know, bajillion% yesterday. Yeah. A bajillion, you know, 50x. It went up to 3 mil. They showed a little bit of demand and then it faded out I don't know 80 90%. So this is just another example of the inspiration I had yesterday and I see these in the charts over and over again. But today is let me it allows me to say AGI trading bot in the title. I'm going to show you how to build an AGI trading bot. So yeah, we're not there yet. They do say we are close to AGI. So, we got cloud code roll rolling on both sides, which is nice. And is a We'll see. My speaker is not working. Uh, continue. Kelly's up in here. Oh, that worked for a second. There we go. Found you. Good morning. Good morning. How are you? Nico, what's up? 777. Timmy, how are you? See you. Good to see you. Lascetta, GM Kelly 777. Damn. Okay. Okay, we're done with one. All right. All right. All right. Okay. Pool here. Sweet. Um, that TX go through, by the way. Okay, good. I have 100. I got some AGI and I will sell this. So, what's up, master? How are you? Sounds okay now. Okay, beautiful. Beautiful. There we go. Sound was down for a second. Anyway, she's still cooking up this test. So, let's just patiently wait. I remember you from Discord. Yeah. How's it going, bro? Some time off work. Nice. They let you off for Saturday. That's beautiful. That is beautiful. Okay, perfect. So, what it does is it does not touch that. Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful. Says I don't have any ETH left. Um, I think the ETH fees are actually pretty high. Let's go ahead and look at this. I'm going to look at my address here. Um, copy address. Okay, let's go to Ether Scan. Address here. ETH value. I got $7 a ETH, but I'm curious how Oh, it's cuz I'm on Robin Hood chain. I'm like, what the hell? I thought I just made I thought I just made a transaction. Robin Hood chain scan. Come on, baby. Nah, I can't even look at my atti to see the transactions. Something's wrong. Refresh. And it looks like the TX went through, so I'm good there. Two real bugs surfaced and one live setup. That is exactly your premise. Um, okay. So, I guess I need to think about how this is going to be executed because let's say I find something else that's interesting. I'm only buying once once there's been confirmation. I don't I know this is probably incorrect, but I guess this is how a boomer does it. I want to see confirmation that there it is. There is some virality to it. Okay, that's been confirmed. 3 hours went up, you know, a,000x solid ticker AGI. I mean, that's the biggest thing out right now. AI for everything. Okay, it's a joke. It's just a meme. Artificial gooner intelligence. Okay. It's kind of funny, but I don't think there's any other AGI. Yeah, there's no other AGI on Robin Hood. So, you know, AI has already been kind of claimed. And that went up to 224 million. AGI is what we're all chasing. Okay, cool. So, that's confirmed. AGI is what we're chasing. If we can memeify it, make it funny. Okay. And guess what? This this is kind of pointing at uh what's her name as well? Eliza. They went to like a bajillion dollars or something. So, that's interesting as well. But there's a ton of tokens that are interesting. And the ones I'm trying to figure out are not the ones that just live here for a day. They go up a bunch. I want to find the ones that have some sort of real staying power. This is a hard game playing in that first bar right there. That's a hard game. But identifying the ones that go up on that first bar. Okay. There's there's proof of demand. There's proof of like good meme. Then I got to verify. Then it's got to make sense. This is paired with Nvidia as well, which is pretty cool. So, Robin Hood chain has made it possible to tokenize stocks, I guess. And then they pair the tokens with the stocks and you get paid out in the stocks for holding the token. It's a little Ponziish. I don't know if you remember back in the day, but a little sketch. Um, that being said, it's usually paired with like Solana or something and um, those fees usually go to the creator. So, I think that's an interesting mechanic just in general on Robin Hood chain. A lot of these tokens pay back the fees and that's a new shiny object. And I was watching um, dang, I wish I could tell you who they are. the chopping block yesterday and one of the guys was so so against memecoins that on Robin Hood specifically that it made me uber uber uber bullish Robin Hood chain. So it just felt like people that were very against meme coins back in the day felt like the people that were very against Ethereum back in the BTC days. So that made me extra bullish on Robin Hood chain being the new shiny thing that people hate and everybody expects everybody to lose all their money. So you know that that may be the case. That may be the case. This might just die off, right? Just like base chain. But Robin Hood is technically they have technically just backdoored their way into being the number one crypto app in the world and the number one like onboarding for crypto people which is interesting. So, I am trying to find some tokens on Robin Hood chain that have stayain power and these types of bots will not work on a lot of them that just die off, but for the ones that do stay like this will accumulate the lows. That's my thought. That's my thought here. So, yeah, I'm interested to see what happens on this chain in general. But, she's taking a long time here now. The full dry run again with ICU reachable. You told your boss I was ill. I wanted to focus on something else. What are you doing with LPS? I'm not making an LP bot. No, true AGI won't happen until they take blockchains as a more serious part of the tech stack. I think that um yeah, I mean I have to take it a little more serious. Blockchains. I feel like all payments, AI payments will be on the blockchain, right? I mean, they're not going to mess with debit cards and credit cards. Meta stepped on the gas. They're making moves on that chart. All right. I want you to go ahead and build a um I want you to go ahead and build a DCA bot. So, dollar cost average bot. I'll be able to put in X dollars and then X time and it will just buy on that time. So, for example, if I put it would just it would just and it would split it up into X orders, Y orders. And what you build a DCA bot for that token I just sent you. And what I want it to do is buy on X time, which will be a variable, y amount, which will be a variable. Yeah. And it'll just be the amount that it buys. Y amount would be the amount that it buys. So if I say like $50 every x minute, 30 minutes, it'll just buy every 30 minutes. This would be a good tool for Robin Hood because at the end of the day, if you do have a bias towards something, I'm already building a bot for it, but this is another bot that will allow people to kind of average in over time. And this should allow me to get a better price essentially because if I do have a bias, it's like, okay, well, wait, buy overtime. I should probably like mix that in with that one above, but I'm still thinking this out. I need both tools either way. I'm not putting them in the pools. No, not a bad idea, though. It's not a bad idea at all. To me, because the hype from the initial push has died out, it is a good place to put a tight pool to make fees while it stays low and hope for a big push in future that break alltime highs. Okay, I like the idea. I mean, the thing that's always got me up with pools, though, is the uh you lose your tokens. So, I don't know. I've never cracked I've never cracked pools. I always lose tokens. And you do get fees, but it's never balanced out for me. But you don't lose them. I thought they like got swapped or something like you pair it with like USDC or Soul or whatever it may be. Yeah. One into the another. Exactly. So, whatever you're pairing it with. So, this one, for example, is paired with Nvidia. I wouldn't mind owning a video, but I haven't even looked into Robin Hood pools yet. That's interesting. It's an interesting idea. I love you guys' questions because of that questions and comments. You guys got mad ideas. You can counterbalance the pools. Yeah, I probably won't do that. I probably won't get into the pool journey, but I would like to learn about it a little bit more. A little bit of a rabbit hole pools. I've jumped down pools rabbit holes quite often. I've just I've never figured it out to be honest, bro. So LPing, farming, etc. We got some long liquidations here. So have 99% of one token of one token and if you expect it to go up or that is your goal, then you will make profit and fees. But the best thing is it just Oh, it just consolidates in your range is Yeah, I'm not going down that route again. I got some LPs. I do, but not on Rob J. Always give up your precious precious tokens without being always, always, always. Some way, somehow I would end up with a bunch of Nvidia. This will go to this will go 100x and I'll end up with a bunch of Nvidia. I know there's a way to or you're It sounds like you're saying there is a way to avoid that. You've been looking into LP game for a while. I was looking at a hedging bot for LP so you don't lose your tokens. Yeah, it's a good idea. some sort of hedge. But yeah, LPing. All right, shorty. What's going on with you? Block scout is timing out. Is you good, bro? Are you good? Like, uh, you're still not I don't see you running, but this is the first token I'm going to use this on. So, you could just uh actually I guess you don't even need to know it because essentially um I'll be able to change tokens. But it looks like you're stuck or some Looks like she's stuck. The math is pretty wild and it's kind of like options. It's like I think it's cool like if you want to nerd out on LPN or options there's a edge where like a lot of people just stop thinking like for me just right there is a good example of that like I'm like h I'm not going to go back into those trenches those trenches are tight but if you nerd out on it I know there's edge um I know people have done well with forming LP and definitely options definitely options though I know those are two entirely different things but it just reminds me like if you to find an angle and you want to nerd out on math. Boom. Might be able to build an edge. You might be able to build something. You're learning math again for this. Nice. What math are you learning? Options are a different ball game, but the payout is crazy. Yeah, I I agree. The payout it can be crazy. It can be. It can be very very crazy. The moment probability and statistics. Okay, I said you good, bro. Not stuck midfix and good news. to AGI is already in the watch list and it already reads a as a textbook setup. Thank you. Thank you for noticing my textbook setup. Thank you. Thank you for noticing it. Thank you for noticing my textbook setup. I appreciate you. Much love to you. The problem is we don't know. We don't know based on we have so many like I'm not back testing this idea there. It's hard to I mean maybe I could if I went and got all data from all Solana launches or something but I've just I just see this pattern a lot. Initial runup die off okay then most of them 99.3% stay dead. So 100x pullback 90% most of them just go to zero. But the ones that are actually good memes they also do the same pattern. It's just then they go like that like straight up. So that's the thesis. Now it's on me to figure out some good memes that are like kind of funny. And I think this one's kind of funny. And it's just like too we've been over here in crypto. We've been in crypto for so long. Like you look around, everything is AI. You know that. And AGI is like the mysterious thing ahead of us that has it been achieved yet? Has it been achieved? Master Grog says, "Uh, where can you do options? Is it worth it in crypto?" I haven't done options in crypto, but um there's something called derabit derbit. Just one of the data. Yeah, that's good. That's a good thought. Get that data. We data dogs. All right. So, I'm building two bots right now. One is like a DCA and measure that speed however you want to DCA. So, you know, there's bias when it comes to memecoins. Like, you have to have some sort of filter. My filter is, okay, did a lot of people buy it? Yes or no. Do I think it's funny? Yes or no? Could I see it going to really, really high amounts? Yes or no? I'm not here to give financial advice by any means. Anything I buy, I will always sell, but I'm looking. I'm on the hunt. I'm on the hunt. But once you find something, it's like, okay, how are you going to enter safely? So, that's why I'm building today. I'm building a DCA and also one of these. So, if I find something else, okay, grab that token, put it into the bot, and then it's going to wait for a major correction because no matter what the token is, it's going through a 80% correction. I'm pretty confident when I say that. I don't know if that's actually true, but I'm pretty confident. Let's go ahead and prove it out. Let's go on over to Dex Screener. Is it true? Yo, throw it in the chat. Yes or no? Yes or no. Do you think it's true that every single meme coin goes through a 80% correction? Every single I guess every single one cuz some go to 80% and then zero. Some go 80% and then a bajillion. Robin, what is that called? Cash cat. Okay, this is like the only comparable I guess. 80%. 80%. So everything goes through an 80% correction, but I'm sure there's multiple. I look at one token and I'm like, "Yeah, so one token shows 80%." So everything does. Okay, Mo. Okay, buddy. Credit analysis. Seeing if there's like another 80% here. Yeah, damn near 80%. Down. Damn near 80%. 81%. No, more. More. More. More. Way more. 90%. Was that the same? That was the one I looked at already. My bad. I'm cooked. 98%. Nico says 80% has always been my average. Okay, so I think it's kind of confirmed. We'll see. Fix was already in. Running the real check now. Okay, beautiful. 98% of them goes through 80% correction. Okay, 98%. My best poly market is um it's in weather. Nah, I'm hesitant to say that because I got another one too, which is kind of all categories, but all eyes on crypto right now for me. So, nah, I don't think that one is in in the GitHub. I don't think I I don't think I my Poly Market GitHub is very I got the fiveminute GitHub. Yeah, there's some a couple fiveminute bots in the Poly Market GitHub. Nice. Well, that'll get you that'll get you far enough. That will get you far enough. That's what you're looking for is five minutes. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. All right. So, she's still fixing running the real check on your token. Now, let's see what shorty did. She finished the DCA up. Okay. Every minute, every 30 minutes. The two variables right at the top. Beautiful. So, I can grab the token. I can say the USD buy amount every x minutes. Also could pass them in like this if I don't want to quote them. Okay, that's nice. I love how she does that. I love how she does that. I love it. I love it. Let's also do that. Well, I don't need to overengineer this. You able to check if I still need to make YM other. Yeah, shoot us an email, bro. Anytime. Definitely check that out for you. Any support stuff? Just shoot me an email at any time. Anytime. Anytime. Okay, so let's go here and how it works with each slot. Check gas. Okay. USDG. Okay. Simulate buy. Okay. Panel shows. Okay. Let's just go ahead and test it out. like open in cursor. Um, what is this called? Called Robin Hood DCA. And let's just test it here. See if we can get this going. Um, I actually want seconds on there, too. H. No, no, no. We don't need seconds, dude. That defeats the purpose. That defe defeats the purpose. Okay, so let's just go to um this just small size for now. Let's put five. Every minute. Let's do every minute just to see if it works. All right. Robin Hood DCA copy path. Let's go to uh terminal here. Let's say tflow bro python run it. So Robin Hood DCAP py it should buy every minute. Let's see in the order books if it does $5 of one token every 1 minute. Okay. So, ideally, the way I'm going to use this is when I find something that I really like, I'm going to have this running for a little portion and then I'm going to build some demand supply and demand zone bots as well and maybe add in some Yeah, I've got a lot of ideas, so just stick with me. Stick with me. Out of ETH, restock. Okay. Okay. My bad. My bad. I thought I had ETH, though. USDG here. ETH. Let's put um five in it. Network cost is 21 cents. Not bad. I think they got pretty high yesterday. Token sniped. >> Okay. Token sniped. Okay. Can we see my buy is the question. I don't see it on here. Oh, maybe I don't even make it on the board. That's why. Yeah. $50 rise. You don't even make it. Punk me. Live. Yep. There I am. Perfect. So, every minute they should buy. I'll watch it for a few minutes. See if it works. Okay, that's bot number one. That's the simplest. That's the simplest bot to build. Beautiful. Okay, so this one here. All good. And it works on my end or end to end. So, Robin Hood dip hunter is built and tested against real chain data. Your AGI is ready right now. Okay. The runup was 56x sniped. >> Okay, perfect. So, the snipe works. Damn. I like I like uh being back on EVM as well. I feel like it's more more orders go through. Like if you put an order in, it goes through. I don't know if you remember the Solana days, but um you had to kind of spam orders sometimes. Okay, so the runup's 56x off peak is down 92%. LP is 100% of the peak. I don't know what that means, but maybe it has the same LP. So the setup is ready. Gave back 91%. LP still 100% of the peak. Wall equals pass. LP held by pawns graduation custody. This is your premise on the nose. A 56x first leg. >> First leg here is 56xish. a 91% give back. So again, I know that I know Solana meme coins. I understand how they just mostly just run up and then die forever. I get that. But out of the dust came Whiff. Out of the dust came Fcoin. Out of the dust came so many others as well. So I'm just looking for good memes, things that make me laugh, things that make sense in this world, following the trend. And then the ones that I find, I'm just going to put into this. Hey, I want exposure to this, but I'm not going to go buy like a crazy guy up here on this first day because it's going to a billion, you know, because most of them are not going a billion. Most of them are going down 99.9%. And you're just going to lose all of your money. So, >> token sucked. >> ICU is on the list. How it works, you drop this. Exits are deliberately loose because negative 60% stop. I don't want it. I don't want that in there. I don't want a stop in there. I don't want to stop in here. So, okay. So, you drop links into the dipwatch.txt. Also, I want this always running where I can put in a something into the watch list. So, it's going to be running on my terminal. The bot will be running on my terminal, but it will always accept a contract address that will auto be put on my watch list. So the way this will work is essentially I'll have it always running and then anything that I bubble up with my other alos that think I think they're going to be fire and they could go to you know up a lot then I'll >> token >> I'll go ahead and just put it into the terminal the contract address into the terminal and then it will just patiently wait until um this maneuver pulls off like the 80% whatever and then the entry is I think I want to enter with this bot pretty much. So after it does that 90% move, 80% move, then it will enter X dollars every Y minutes. Yeah, I like that. I like I like where this is going. I like where this is going. So four bugs I hit while testing both wall gates pass block strings, not booleans. Um, four bugs I found. The first replay is slow because it watched the real tape >> token >> cash after that. Yeah, that's a good point. There's no open high, low, close, volume data, huh? So, how are you going to recreate these? Are you once we start tracking a um a token, do you start like storing the order data in order to make your own open, high, low, close volume, or what are we doing there? Yeah, I got ways to go with this, but I think it's going to be fire for the next thing I find. I mean, I got this kind of accumulating. I don't have much money in there, but um it looks like it's working, and I'm just going to extend it. extend the time like maybe buy every you know I'm not going to tell you exactly how many minutes whatever but 30 minutes you know hour six hours 12 hours and then you can change the size up which will be nice >> okay I think I want to do that uh size is $5 per entry not $1 flag given what we found so okay and thank you for your honest flag about this this probably going to zero I I totally get that probably going to zero but uh that's that's what I do dude that's what I do is I'm looking for a bajillion X or zero. Let's get a bajillion X. One profitable trading bot is a bajillion X in my opinion. Now, when you get three, it's like, okay, boom. So, the one thing I want to do is I just built this um this DCA mechanism. And I'll give you the code right here. I want to use that when it gets into the zone, it will enter like this. The one variable we'll need to add is a max bias. So you have to track the USD size that we buy. Track it somewhere on a CSV or a note. And let's say it's 100K max buy. Well, you track that over time, whether it's days, >> weeks, months. It's on the note sheet and it will stop entering when it hits that amount. So you can see the rest of the functionality is already in RHDCA. And now with the updates I have given you already, I'll be able to watch this bot run all day, it will constantly loop to see if there we're in the the realm. And if we are in the realm, it starts the DCA on the minutes that we said and it can go for unlimited tokens. So I could have like I'm not going to have unlimited. There's not going to be a lot. It's like the whole point in my opinion is find a couple. Eviction in my opinion is the best way. But um you see what I'm saying? This is going to be a full bot now and much better than just regular DCA because >> somebody who DCAs is going to probably start DCA at the top. This essentially is a DCA with like safety measures on it. What the hell said it, bro? That's all it said. It said it. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Did I just Okay, it did get it. It did get it all. I was like, no way. Did it just say it? Okay, sweet. Let's go ahead and run it. >> Token sniped. >> Token sniped. Let's get it. USDG. I only have $8 left, but I think I'm going to get this whole thing done here. Your DCA engine is clean and reusable. Let me wire it in first. Answering your open high, low, close, volume question, because it changes the design. There is no open high, low, closed volume feed on this chain. No candles API, nothing. What exists is swap events and everyone carries a tick which converts to an exact price. Nice. So, I build candlesticks myself. Right now, the bot throws that tape away after computing three numbers. That is wasteful. >> Token sniped. >> It just replayed 36,000 AGI swaps in 210 seconds and kept nothing. So, yes, we store it. >> Token sniped. >> Token sniped. Now, the exit. Your DCA engine never sells. Yeah, I don't want you to sell either. So, yeah, go ahead and build that in. Keep going with what you're doing above. I just saw you saying something about selling and I want that. Not for this one. Not for this one. Confirmed. No selling. That is already how it is built. The only leftover was the kill switch still carrying a closed branch. It would dump everything inherited from the sniper, removing it. >> Token snapped. >> There's a whole dead exit overrides block left over from before. Pawns it 926 million. Holy hell. And it's flying as I speak. >> Token snucked. >> Okay, so I'm confirmed this works. So I don't need to run it anymore. That works fine. Got that tool in my bag now. I did not have that tool before. And now you can have the tool too. Let me go ahead and make sure that um it's all on the GitHub. But in the meantime, let me go ahead and just walk through it just in case you've made it this far. Open in cursor. Okay. So, I'm going to go over the full AGI DCA bot. I'm just kidding about the AGI part, but it's literally called artificial good intelligence. I'm kidding about that part. It should probably going to zero, but it's just like that's a good ticker. That's a good ticker. So, I wanted to build out this RHDCA and that is finished now. And I'm making an upgrade. So, after the upgrade, I'll make sure to go through that as well. So, this one is just a normal DCA that will allow you to buy over time on Robin Hood chain. There's nobody else in the world that's going to show you all this. The thing about algo trading is things are compounding. So, I've been working on Robin Hood chain here for I don't know, a couple months now. And every single day, I make my systems better and better. And you can see here, this wasn't too hard for me to build because of that. You can see the spot price here. The panel explain Robin Hood DCA bot is now fully in your viewing console. And after this, what I'm going to do is make sure it gets on the GitHub, of course. So, if you already have the GitHub, you'll get that. And if you don't have the GitHub, I'll um just rewind the video. Now, the Robin Hood Dip Hunter. So, you heard the bot I'm building. I don't need to keep explaining it. Essentially, I'm looking for tokens that go up 50x, 100x, something absolutely insane. And then I want them to die off 80%. Because every token that I can think of that's made a generational run has fallen off 80% before that. 80 90%. Nothing's gone straight up forever. So I'm just going to keep using my filters trying to see everything that runs in the day. Obviously saw this yesterday running. Um I thought it was kind of funny. It's taking shots at AI6Z. Um, AGI is literally the biggest thing out. Yesterday I also saw this other token and it did the same pattern actually. And that's what got the idea for me is like I was watching this. It ran all the way up then came all the way back down on stream and now it's up, you know, 250%. So the problem with this one for me is like I didn't really like the meme. I don't understand it. I see you. Like I don't I don't I don't get that meme. But um you know if this was like a fartcoin or something I get that meme that meme that's funny as hell and it's just like okay but there's not a fartcoin out here. So I don't know I think this is interesting an interesting bot to run because instead of sitting here trying to compete on the first day I'm going to try to compete on the hey like this actually is a good idea that could be here for a year because we know this isn't going to be here forever. Nothing's going to be here forever. All these assets are going to go to zero eventually. But there there is a major trend in the world right now and it's AI. And what's the next thing? AGI. Everybody wants AGI. Okay. Well, let's meme it. Artificial Gooner intelligence. The AI got caught. Look at this. Some nasty websites. So, it's just a funny meme. And there's going to be more of these. There's going to be more of these that I find that I have some bias towards. And okay, well, instead of just buying day one, I want to have this bot sit there. I want it to sit there and wait for the pullback. Whether it takes a few hours, a few days, shoot, even a month, that's okay. It will always be looking at my little basket looking for a good time to enter and then DCA. So, I think she should be just about done here. Then I'll get that code for you as well. She's still bashing, huh? We ain't got water and everything. Timmy said this. He said, "Meme coins that pump 1 to2 mil market cap in a single day and retrace back to the 618 fib and bounce off the 618 have a high chance of pumping." Okay. Damn, this is some good alpha right here. Triple T, belief asteroid. I don't know the fib too much. I don't even know how to use it on Trading View, but some good intel. I appreciate it. I appreciate it. I appreciate it. Okay. So, she's doing a dry run. That's why it's taking so long. Okay. Okay. She's doing the dry run. What do these little yellow things mean? Oh, 50 holder. Come on, baby girl. Yeah, these are both of the bots I wanted to build today. So, that's awesome. Now, we're just literally waiting on her to finish her dry run. So, um I'm assuming a dry run means a run without money. And once she tries her dry run, I'm going to try my live run. And we already know that the functionality works. I mean, I did the uh I did the DCA and then I implemented that into this. So, I'm curious to see if the drop in of a new token works what it says. Let's make sure that all that is Gucci. Kelly says he's running. Me, too, dude. I'm sitting here. Wait, I'm get some jumps in. Yeah, let's get some jumps in. Anytime I'm waiting, I just need to start jumping. Let's get it, Kelly. All right, that feels good. Just get a few jumps in. 100 maybe. Here we go. All right, let's read it. Okay, here is where the bot stands answering your questions. Unopen, high, low, close volume. You were right and it is now fixed. There's no candle feed on this chain. Okay, now it writes dip candles. Okay, two honest caveat caveats baked into the comments. Time is derived. Okay, that's fine. So, I anchor a real block time. Okay, on DCA, your engine does the buying, not new code. It imports RHDCA and calls your DCA buy for every slice. So route planning permit to arming. Okay. So sweet. So it's using that your 100k cap is in lifetime max lifetime USD tracked on dips spend ledger. Okay. With a road slice carrying the running total. The CSV is the source of source of truth. Beautiful. Paste addresses into a running terminal. A background thread reads the whatever. No selling anywhere. Okay. I stripped out all selling. all closes. I also deleted the dead take profit. Okay, dris risk. Okay, good. The safety is entirely on the entry and it keeps running for the life of the campaign. If pool liquidity drops under 50% of its peak, the token stops passing and slices stop. A rug ends the buying. It never sells into one. Okay, that's actually a good idea. Full dry run. Okay, you can um you don't need to make the whole candle. I mean, we just need the price, right? We need to be able to see the high and the low in order to figure it out. So if you're overeng engineering with the too much candle data, you can cut that now. Let's go ahead and try it out. Opening cursor here. Robin Hood dip hunter copy path tflow. Okay, run it, bro. Python cycle one watching two zero campaigns running resolved ICU playing ICUs. I don't want that in there. I'm actually not interested in that. So I only want this token for now. I um maybe I'll think of some other ones. I I'll keep looking. And I know that this is probably going to zero, but um you know, where is this list here? Okay, it's in the dip trades dip watch.txt data directory here. Put it in data folder. Okay, that makes sense. Um dip watch list 53x from yesterday. Okay, perfect. Wait, you put the whole link in there, gang? One Axiom link, pool ID or token address? I'm just going to put the token address in there. Okay, sick. And then also, I need you to update this. I need you to update this up a little bit to use like blue background with term color and order it when a order goes in and just maybe some other colors some elsewhere like green or something. Maybe a little bit red if needed. But she make it a little bit more fun. Okay, thank you. She probably already made it pretty fun. Let's go check it out. Okay, hiccup here. We did get a hiccup. She made it fun enough. We did get this hiccup. How do you talk to your computer? I talk to it with this app called Whisper Flow. Whisper flow. >> Fix and verify the exact path that crashed. What happened? Blah blah blah. I don't care what happened. You fixed it. Thank you, Shorty. Okay. Cycle one. Watching one zero campaigns running. Resolved AGI vers Nvidia pool. Okay. You named it replaying AGI's tape here. So, it's looking at the whole tape. Now, can we make this more efficient? So, if I look at the whole tape one time, we collect that tape and then we only have to look in between the new time. You see what I'm saying? So, we don't have to call the whole tape every time. done and measured on AGI's real tape. The caching. Okay, I think this was big. The cashing you asked for was already in there. Okay, the full replay happens once per token. Beautiful. The fetcher only it should only ever get shrink. The fetcher only ever shrank its step. That's why it takes so long is it's cuz it's fetching and then it so essentially the first time it may take a long time to fetch all of the data, but then after that it shouldn't take a long time anymore as long at least. For example, for this AGI, it is two days or maybe a day and a half of data. Dude, it literally says replay AGI's tape. First site up to 48 hours. This is slow once, then it's cash. Last two prompts, waste of tokens. Just talking to her at this point. All right, here we go. Oh, look at that. Wall blocked AGI. What's that? What does this wall blocked AGI mean? Can you fix it? Thank you. She doesn't put my thank yous in, and I'm a little concerned about that. Do I not say it clear enough? Do I not say my thank you clear enough? Because she doesn't put it in there. And I don't want the AI to think I'm bossy or anything. I know I'm a little bossy. I get that. But I at least try to throw the thank you on there. And this whisper flow just chops it off. Block scout is genuinely down. 502 on every attempt. Damn. Blocky. Block scout down. That's why I wasn't able to see my wallet. Maybe I don't know. I don't know about that. Core detection is token transfer TX signer is contract is already pure RPC only three cosmetic lookups still need block scout and the unverified source flag is weight one. It meant that the bot could not get the honeypot verdict at all because block scout was returning 502 bad gateway on every call. Two real bugs behind it. The retry loop and no branch for 5xx. The audit depended on the explorer. I don't need you to do that. Yeah, we don't actually need you to do the audit. So, I think you might be able to drop honey auditor. That was for our sniper when it's looking at a whole array of tokens that there's no human in the loop. I think if you strip that code, it will be cleaner. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for putting thank you in there, Whisper Flow. Thank you. All right. The wall went from 41 seconds to 6 seconds. Let's get it, gang. All right. Sweet, dude. So, I'm going to show you all this code here by the end of this. So build it for any, you know, this is all takes a little bias. So I'm sure you got your eye on something out there. And you know, this is not financial advice. I'm not telling you to buy anything. Robin Hood chain, I think, is probably going to zero like the rest of them, but you know, maybe it doesn't. Maybe, maybe it doesn't. All right, so this is slow once and then it's cash. I wonder why it's taking so long this. Okay. Is it going now? No. Can you add some like printouts on like what it's doing on the the cash versus not cash? Because I ran it and then I ran it again and it's still kind of slow. So, I feel like it's still cash. Okay, off peak is 93%. It went up 56% but we get this error. Okay, let's just keep fixing the errors then. Go ahead and fix this error while you're at it. Thank you, Jordy. Charlie this time, huh? I've heard Charlie. I've heard Shirley. I've heard Jordy. I never heard Charlie before. I like that. Hey, Charlie. Hey, Chuck. How you doing, brother? Now I'm running to prove the cash works. Okay, she's bashing still. She's bashing. So, I'm waiting on Charlie here to quit bashing so I can send him this last little bug here. Looks like we're pretty much all the way through. I don't want to show you the code while it's not working. So, I'mma wait. I'mma wait. Oh, in the meantime, let's go ahead and while this is going, let's go ahead and look through some of these cuz they're done auditing. Let's go ahead and try to move this for now. She's just running the whole scan, which takes a while. So, I want to just look through some of these tokens here that are being caught by my scanner. So, I showed this I think I already made a video about this about this scanner. So, you can go watch that if you don't know what this is. I also showed my sniper as well for Robin Hood. I'm just kind of building and shipping. Building and shipping. Try to share as much as possible. This gets you motivated to code. Feel like I've changed your life for the rest of your life. I didn't know how to code either. Absolute best skill you can you can pick up because then you can actually cook with these AIs. At least start using AI to code. Get coding going on in your household. That's it. That's the bottom line. I'm looking for orders that are flying here. Oh, Aussie was just launched. Damn, we're getting them quick. We're getting them quick. Yeah, we're getting them early. Ticker Farmer, good to see you. Good to see. Okay, I'm just looking at how many orders there are. Yeah, this is a pretty solid scanner now. So, I'm just going to make my systems better and better cuz that's what Oh, Jimmy said. Make your system better and better cuz cuz that's what everybody else is going to do. All right, so 22 seconds. 0 seconds. 0 seconds. Ticker farmer. This one's going kind of crazy. I'm not going to battle. I'm not going to battle on these new launches. I'll let my bot do that. The sniper bot. not going to battle on these new launches. I do want to see them for like recognition and like, okay, I seen them. Then I'll see them again next week, ideally tomorrow. And if it's still here and you keep seeing it over and over again, I think that's big. Hans's family. Then I can put them into things like this. If she ever finishes, holy hell. 10 minutes. She's been running. Been running for 10 minutes. It's a good amount of time. That's a good amount of time. I'm going to give it like two more minutes. I'mma jump for the whole time. Giving it two minutes. I'm jumping the entire time. Fire skitso posting Sarah. Yo, that's actually funny, bro. That's Wishy, right? He said something about Wishy. Wishy always tripping in the chat. You got You just got to let You got to let Wishy go. You got to just let Wishy just let Witchie fly. He been here a long time. Let that boy fly. Run, stop, run again, and confirm the second start is a cash hit. Okay, so she's she's cooking. I see it. All right, she's done. Sweet. So, let's go ahead and send her off again. Send her off immediately. I should have had two AI agents doing this. Duh. Fix improvement. Runs two starts on a cash in 2 seconds instead of 41 second replay. Nice. You were right that something was wrong. The printouts you asked for are what found it and it was not the caching logic. Okay. Two procedures were fighting over the state file. A leftover background test run of mine still alive writing its whole stale in memory. Okay. Single instance lock. Okay. Merge on save. Beautiful. Cash miss. Okay. Perfect. So it should tell us if there's a cache. Um, plus AGI took4 seconds this cycle. Okay, so here's the bot. Let's go ahead and see if it cooks. And then if it does, then I'm going to go ahead and just give it to you on right now in the video because you can at least see it. And if you're in the GitHub, if you have the GitHub, then it'll be there as well. Nothing's plug-andplay. You're not going to get rich overnight in this industry. Please read this, understand it. Don't just run it. Use it as infrastructure. Get out your own ideas always. >> Token sunk. All right, we got our five in there. Look at that, dude. Okay. Wow. Okay. Okay. This is fire. This is fire. We did it. We did it. And on the way, our entry actually produced a whole another bot because this entry I started to build it while we were finishing this. And it looks like she must have fixed this as well. Let's see. Um, fix the cause with the DCA engine slot. Okay. Load state verified end to end. Okay, so I built out two bots today. I've already shown you the DCA one. Now, I use that same mechanic in this one, but I wait till there's a pullback. Uh the thesis here is that any good meme coin goes down 80% first, 80 to 90%. So, what I'm going to be doing is running these snipers, running other like finder bots that will allow me to identify potential runners. I'll go ahead and put my eye on it. If I think it's a good meme or I think it's funny or it whatever it's a good meme, then I'll go ahead and throw it into this bot here and let's see if it works. I'll throw it into this bot and then the bot will essentially sit here and not buy any of these big bars. It's going to wait for that 80 90% pullback that any alt will go through or any meme coin will go through and um then start DCA once it's made that cycle two finished. Okay, next cycle in 29 minutes. Okay, so it's on the 30 minute. So every 30 minutes and let's see how easy it is to change this. I just want to make sure everything works. 30 minutes is more appropriate, but um I just want to make sure that the full loop works. So, I'm going to go ahead here and adjust the code before I show it to you. Robin Hood dip hunter. I think it should be called um whatever that's fine. Alive seconds here. Max campaigns. Slice every minute here. Let's do every.5 minutes just to make it a little bit faster. Let's see if that works. Okay, much faster this time. Did I hit save? Slice every Maybe five doesn't work. Said point. It says 27 minutes here. 5 1 0. out of gas. Come on, B. I'm not out of gas. All right, let's go ahead here and add that in there. Can you put the gas filter minimum thing? Um, half the amount and also put it as a variable. Thank you. I'm talking about the one that pauses that says out of ETH restock. Let's see if this is going through though because I want to see what the cost is cuz maybe it's See if Block Scout is back. There we go. I see how much the fees are. Come on, Blocky. Okay, I think it's done though. Let's make sure it buys twice and then um I'll go ahead and show you all the code and we can wrap this up here. Dip hunter here. Lifetime spend. It's a nice You can have a cap here. Beautiful. Beautiful. Says AGI slice in 25 minutes. Can you show me where I change the um Wait, first off, why does it say AGI slice? Like, do you pull the token name? If so, that's okay. That's nice customization. But I hope it's not hardcoded that because this should be able to be used for anybody. But um where do I control the per minute by is I changed my code to one and it still says that it's got 25 minutes left. So just show me the variable and like double check make sure that works. Good thing you said it right. The bot was honoring an old promise. Why you why you honoring old promises, gang? We got new promises. Okay, next slice in 60 seconds. Okay, it's done. So now I can just show you the code. I'm also putting on the GitHub like I said, but let me go ahead and scroll through the code of this. Um, again, this is the strat that I've been seeing happening is a major runup, 50x, whatever, a major pullback, 90%. And then usually just dwindles down to zero. So that's the risk. But if there's something that is like you are biased for in the future, you're looking at Robin Hood chain. Well, everything gets a pullback of 80%. So, this bot captures that. Even Cash Cat, which is the number one token on Ramen Chain, had at least one 80% uh pullback, maybe more. So, you know, you look at Farcoin, you look at all the old meme coins with they all had 80% pullbacks. So, this should sit here and I think it takes in a new address whenever I want it, I think. >> It's not. >> Okay, nice. Wonder how I put it in though. Maybe it doesn't do that part. Maybe it doesn't do that part. But I don't need to be a lazy bum here. And I'm not I'm not going to be adding tokens to my list often. But if you go to here and just open up the file, obviously this is harder than um No, I actually want to add it here because I think it's easier. Okay, let's make the token list that it watches just hard not hardcoded but it's it's a list inside near the parameters at the top of the code. So everything is controllable at the top of the code. You feel me? Instead of having like a data folder for that. Okay, thank you. >> Token sed. Token sunk. >> Yeah, this is working perfectly. Beautiful. Beautiful. So I'm going to increase the time between and I may increase the size. Um but those are things that I can play with now. And you know it's not financial advice. always um this is a risky game. Most of this is just going to go straight to zero. So, okay, done. So, dip list now is added. Perfect. So, let me go ahead here. Okay. Watch list. Beautiful. Beautiful. Beautiful. Beautiful. Beautiful. Let me go ahead and walk you through the code real quickly. I believe code is a great equalizer. If automated trading is what gets you going on coding, then I will show you every single line of code of everything I create. So, this is the dip hunter. I've already explained it 14 times today so you understand it. Anyways, scroll through here and you can just capture the code, take screenshots, whatever you need to do. If you're already part of everything, you have the GitHub, then this will be in the GitHub as well. But you can see those are all the things that I'm all my parameters here. Very explained. I like the max lifetime. So if there's multiple symbols in there, you don't go over some max lifetime. No exits. There's no exits to this to the accumulator. live input from the terminal. So, it's going to be nice and printable. You can see here this is parsing through the watch list. So, the watch list is just at the top. You select the tokens that you want in there. Read watch list here. Append to watch list here. Chain reads the RPC. So, I'm using alchemy RPC. This swap the swap logs here. Little pool math here. Get the pool for the token. Price path here. Price directory to Robin Hood. This is all Robin Hood. This is actually a lot of code here. So, I know it's a lot to scroll through on a video, but it's the best we can do. The GitHub's only for for the inside for the inside. I know a lot of you guys in the Zoom already have it. So, lifetime spend ledger. This is important so you don't overspend on something that you have a specific budget for a token. It won't overspend. And I think it's doing this by hand is a lot harder because it's easier to overspend. DCI slice here. So this is the actual entry after it's confirmed that it's uh run up pullback load the state here stay save all the stats here claim lock release lock the wall the snipers re reuse but we kind of just dropped all of this so I think you can clean up this code a bit you just ask your to clean it up like yo a lot of prints up in this a lot of prints up in this mundav code per usual here's a panel here make it look nice here's the main function here and then um it should be just about the end Ash mist the wall then buy. Okay. Okay. And that's all of the code. That's all of the code. So, um yeah, I just wanted to get you all that. I wanted to build it myself really. So, anything I build, I just try to share. I'm going to put it on GitHub. It's all going to be there. Uh if you don't have the GitHub, you can get the GitHub at any time. Actually, if you think about it, this is what you're going to get. Let me just go ahead and walk you through it. Do you want lifetime access to learn how to get your bots live? wond.com I'll go ahead and put the link in the description. modded.com you can just go there right now and we have a special going on for Labor Day. So I'll show you step by step in the I will trade camp. This is a course that will show you in short concise videos exactly how to automate your trading even if you've never coded a day in your life. I give you the AI master classes and shows you how to have all the AI do all the hard work build for Solana build for Poly Market and what I just showed you today. You're going to be able to build for Robin Hood. So being able to be versatile in this game is important and that is edge being able to jump to any platform. It's just like you have a competitive advantage there. On top of that, I show you in the Zoom calls everything over my shoulder. You can ask me any questions. Quantite, you get that as well. Quantite is nothing to go fast by because it's 300 bots and back test. The Moondev vault, you get all my past streams, the API key, my trading bot GitHubs, and my AI agent GitHub. What I built today is going to that TradingB GitHub and I'll just go ahead and press it. Press it right after this. $48,000 value. But today we're having a crazy discount. I'm not going to charge you 12,7200. None of that. It's 1,200 bucks for Labor Day. Moonab.com/labor or just go to mundave.com. That's pretty good. That's a pretty steep discount. That's a pretty steep discount. So if you do want to join that, there is available. Go to mundave.com/go and um you can jump in or moonab.com/labor for Labor Day. It is a special just for Labor Day. So, this will not be here long. You can see here, we'll go over it really quickly. I'm going to show you how to automate your trading with AI. Use AI for all of the hard coding stuff. So, it doesn't matter if you don't know how to code. I'm going show you step by step how to automate your trading with AI. You get everything that I've ever taught for one payment and it's forever. It's lifetime access. So, this is what you get here. You get the Algo Trade Camp where I show you step by step how to automate your trading. I use AI for all of my coding. So, I put together some master classes to get you caught up to speed. You get the Salana copy bot and the Salana Sniper course. So, two courses for Salana like we built today for Robin Hood. You're going to be able to build for Salana as well. You're also going to get the Polyarket trading bot course. I'll show you exactly how to automate your trading on Poly Market. This is lifetime access to everything in the past and in the future. So, if I build like a Robin Hood chain of course, boom, you get it as well. You get unlimited private Zoom calls and then Quantite, which has 300 plus bots and back tests with new code added every single week, plus the Mundv vault, plus the Mundv API key, plus the training bar GitHub, plus the AI agents GitHub, plus the Moondev app. I'm going to go ahead and push that code right now. Matter of fact, get add get commit slashm Robin Hood chain bots get push All right, so that is all on the GitHub and that's